Add subsection for custom CA in air-gapped environments (#2030)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/fleet/air-gapped.asciidoc

  docker.elastic.co/package-registry/distribution:{version}
----

==== Using custom CA certificates

> In air-gapped environments, it is likely that you need to use custom Certificate Authority (CA) certificates.
> If that is the case, you need to set the file path to your CA in the `NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS` environment

Reviewer: Nit.
```suggestion
If you are using self-signed certificates or certificates issued by a custom Certificate Authority (CA), you need to set the file path to your CA in the `NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS` environment
```

  docker.elastic.co/package-registry/distribution:{version}
----

==== Using custom CA certificates

In scenarios where you are using a custom Certificate Authority (CA), you can see errors like this:

[source,json]
---
{"type":"log","@timestamp":"2022-03-02T09:58:36-05:00","tags":["error","plugins","fleet"],"pid":58716,"message":"Error connecting to package registry: request to https://customer.server.name:8443/categories?experimental=true&include_policy_templates=true&kibana.version=7.17.0 failed, reason: self signed certificate in certificate chain"}

> ---

Reviewer: Not sure if we need to mention the errors that may appear here. We don't do this in other cases.

Author: I added in case it is search this error for troubleshooting.
It's true that the other sections in this page do not show errors, so it makes sense to remove it.

I guess if we want that kind of information should be added to this other page:
- https://github.com/elastic/observability-docs/blob/main/docs/en/ingest-management/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.asciidoc
- https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/fleet/current/fleet-troubleshooting.html

I've rephrased this page and moved this troubleshooting information to that other page.

This can be addressed by adding your CA certificate file path to the Kibana startup files by
defining the `NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS` environment variable:

[source,text]
----
NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS="/etc/kibana/certs/ca-cert.pem"
----

An example to run Kibana in a container with this environment variable:

["source", "sh", subs="attributes"]
----
docker run -it -p 5601:5601 \
  -v $(pwd)/ca-certs.pem:/etc/kibana/certs/ca-cert.pem \
  -e NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS=/etc/kibana/certs/ca-cert.pem \
  docker.elastic.co/elastic/kibana:{version}

> ----

Reviewer: We don't know how the user is running Kibana, I think that it is enough with mentioning that Kibana must be run with `NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS`.

Author: Ok, you're right, this is totally dependent on the deployment.
I'll remove it.
